---
layout: post
title: "Benjamin Ty, AFSE Student, Week #6, First Semeter Benchmark"
date: 2018-10-26
---

We first started the year small and we soon grew as time passed. Our class first started with the web and what is consisted of. The web is consisted of a system of documents linked via. the Internet. These documents are known as Cascading Style Sheet files (CSS files) and Hyper Text Markup Language files (HTML files) now these .html and . css files tell us what the document/file contains and what it can be opened by in addition to that. So HTML files describe the structure of the page being; shapes, size, context of the page, etc. As for how HTML files are meant for that. CSS files describe font type, color, fonts size, etc. Now all these programs are used by programs that make these webpages visible. (Web Browser) Now a Web Browseris a software application used for viewing Html. The way these files are written are written in markup languages which are coding language used to describe documents such as these. Now with these files they cannot be reviewed and interpreted through the computer without an order. The order of operations has to be correct so that the computer can then interpret it and show how it is supposed to be viewed as by others. Without a correct order the code wouldn't process and the webpage would either not work as an error or would have some sort of problem occuring. Now all this code is a bunch of expressions, functions. evaluations and definitions made by the computer. Without these none of this would be interpreted and shown correctly. Now every expression has its own order of operations for it to work. and depending on how it is all placed together determines what is interpreted. For example: ;(ellipse 50 100 outline blue) is different from ;(ellipse 50 100 blue outline) because the computing device is very specific on how it order things so it can interpret the actual thing itself. Now definining things helps the computer and the programmer understand what is what in which languages. In racket, we have practiced using definitions in some miniature hands on action with definitions.
